thorns girlfriend Delia's
counting on him to make sure
they stay stocked up on meat but
he's new trapping still doesn't
have a handle on the habits of
all the wildlife in the area now
I'm gonna actually make a live
trap
it's kind of like a primitive
cage
I'll have some pretty strong
greenwood that will be like a
box and lace it all together
there's a lot more work that
goes into having enough for two
people and we're both providing
in our way but as far as
shelters concerned and the
hunting side of things
it's pretty much on my shoulders
yeah that's heavy they're not
lifted now I just gotta set it
i've found that food is really
the biggest obstacle to that
really deep wildlife that I'm
looking for this edge right here
walked it often and seeing a lot
of rabbit moving in and out
abate the set with little bit
Apple animal go in there after
the apple and trigger it a whole
box or just right on top of the
traps
find that sweet spot I'm so
close
shoot you don't make traps and
and set them and put them in the
right places as a little bit of
a learning curve for me so I've
got to use all my knowledge of
these animals and their behavior
and their pattern and hopefully
I can get some meat that way all
right
it's about a hair-trigger so
anything that touches that
possum rabbit Coon whatever I
don't care